Document about cross-site request (#9999)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/api/cross-site-requests.rst

Cross-site requests
===================

Cross site requests are allowed for the following endpoints:

- :ref:`/api/v2/footer_html/ <api/v2:Undocumented resources and endpoints>`
- :ref:`/api/v2/search/ <server-side-search/api:API V2 (deprecated)>`
- :ref:`/api/v2/embed/ <api/v2:Embed>`
- :ref:`/api/v2/sustainability/ <api/v2:Undocumented resources and endpoints>`
- :ref:`/api/v3/embed/ <api/v3:Embed>`

Except for the sustainability API, all of the above endpoints
don't allow you to pass credentials in cross-site requests.

> This means you can make use of those APIs to get information from public versions only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In other words, these API endpoints *only* expose public information.

On a technical level, this is achieved by implementing the CORS_ standard which is supported by all major browsers. We implement it such that *origins*, *protocols* and *credentials* strictly match the intention of the API endpoint.

.. _CORS: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-origin_resource_sharing
```

Author: Added this but without mentioning the part about origins, we allow all origins :D and not sure about the part of protocols, maybe you meant the http verbs?

Reviewer: The new text sounds great, thanks for implementing it :+1:

Cookies
-------

> For |org_brand| our session cookies have the ``SameSite`` attribute set to ``None``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On |org_brand|, our session cookies have the ``SameSite`` attribute set to ``None``,
```

this means they can be sent in cross site requests.
This is needed for our sustainability API only,

> to not show ads if the current user is a :ref:`Gold User <advertising/ad-blocking:Going ad-free>`.

Reviewer: Should we add to the explanation that it's _also_ necessary to allow custom domains because we allow custom domains?

Author: Not sure I understand, do you mean like it's necessary to use the cookies from custom domains?

Reviewer: Hmm, sentence was weird. When you say:

> do you mean like it's necessary to use the cookies from custom domains?

I think what I mean is this:

> it's necessary to set `SameSite` to `None` on certain cookies because there are custom domains [and sustainability API is not available on custom domains]

Sorry that I can't come up with a good direct suggestion. But custom domains are a fundamental reason for this, we should perhaps mention it... and if not, we shouldn't :)

Reviewer: Btw, this is not like a critical comment, just wondering if you would agree.. I can put it in a note inside the documentation for next visit :+1:

Author: oh, this is for docs pages in general, since they are served from a different domain than the dasbboard. When we refer to custom domains, we usually mean the "custom domain" option we have, this is, serving a page from something else other than `readthedocs.io`

Reviewer: Ah of course - I thought that you could somehow instruct the cookie about which sites it is eligible for, but I see it's not possible, it supports just None/Lax/SameSite etc :+1:

All resources in |org_brand| are public, you don't need to pass cookies to make use

> of our allowed APIs from other sites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of our APIs from other sites.
```

I'm not sure what "allowed" means in this context?

Author: It's the list of APIs from the first paragraph

Reviewer: Sounds good - I understand better by pretending that we had APIs that do not allow cross-site requests, and that they would be the "disallowed" APIs.

> For |com_brand| our session cookies have the ``SameSite`` attribute set to ``Lax``,
> this means they can't be included in cross site requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On |com_brand|, our session cookies have the ``SameSite`` attribute set to ``Lax``.
This means that browsers will not include them in cross site requests.
```
